Johvanni Perez
Data Viz - CS573
Professor Harrison
Reflection 1

I've had this data visualization technique in mind for quite some time now: https://towardsdatascience.com/guide-to-using-word-clouds-for-applied-research-design-2e07a6a1a513.
The article discusses "worldclouds" which is essentially a data visualization technique that displays words in the form of a cloud or bubble. I think it's interesting to note that
wordclouds can be adapted to display syllables, letters, any form of text that's not necessiraly considered a word. Considering this, I find that wordclouds are quite interesting
because they can be used in cases where NLP can be used on a data set involving text and the goal is to quantify or to find meaning behind the data set. Data summarization is 
one example that can fit such a scenario aformentioned because a wordcloud can be created to host text within a dataset. Depending on the frequency of the words, certain words or
text can be displayed larger in size relative to other words that may not be as frequently mentioned. In the end, wordclouds can be used to give a person insight to the dataset
they might be working with as well as provide context or an idea of what the data is trying to convey.

What I liked the most about the article linked above is that the author demonstrated how wordclouds can be used in advanced ways. There were several examples where wordclouds
were used to create neural networks and an animated wordcloud. I especially liked the animated wordcloud example because it shows how a person can show how text or words, 
depending on the context, can grow or shrink over time. What I mean by grow/shrink, is that depending on how many times a distinct word is used over time we can display the size
of that specific word by enlarging or shrinking it based on how often it was used on a time scale. For example, if we have a data set of tweets from Twitter from the start of
January to the end of January, we can create a wordcloud containing all the words of every tweet collected in that given month. We would expect that certain words will be 
bigger or smaller relative to the rest over time because depending on the topic that trending a certain day or week we will see the word grow/shrink in size in the animated
wordcloud. I really liked this idea and I would definitely be referencing it in the future.
